Use ByName as default behaviour in deployer, update existing to ByFile (#583)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### API breaking

> - We have updated the default behaviour of algob deployer for loading data from checkpoint to be queried by  "app/lsig" name. The existing functions have been changed to `<func>ByFile` (legacy functions based on file querying):

Author: ok

  - Application:
    * Exisiting `getApp(approval.py, clear.py)` has been changed to `getAppByFile(approval.py, clear.py)`.
    * New `getApp(appName)` function queries app info using the app name.

  - Smart signatures:
    * Exisiting `getDelegatedLsig(lsig.py)`, `getContractLsig(lsig.py)` has been changed to `getDelegatedLsigByFile(lsig.py)`, `getContractLsigByFile(lsig.py)` respectively.
    * New `getApp(appName)` function queries app info using the app name.
    * Existing `fundLsig(lsig.py, ..)` function has been changed to `fundLsigByFile(lsig.py, ..)`. Now `fundLsig(lsigName, ..)` will take lsig name.
    * Existing `mkDelegatedLsig(fileName, signer, ..)`, `mkContractLsig(fileName, ..)` has been changed to `mkDelegatedLsigByFile(fileName, signer, ..)`, `mkContractLsigByFile(fileName, ..)` respectively.
    * New functions take the lsigName as a required paramter:
      - `mkDelegatedLsig(fileName, lsigName, signer)`

>       - `mkContractLsig(fileName, lsigName)`.

Reviewer: please explain what's `lsigName` and how it is used.

Author: ok

## Unreleased

### API breaking

> - We have updated the default behaviour of algob deployer for loading data from checkpoint to be queried by  "app/lsig" name (note: passing name is required). The existing functions have been changed to `<func>ByFile` (legacy functions based on file querying):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have updated the default behaviour of algob deployer for loading data from checkpoint to be queried by  "app/lsig" name (note: passing name is required). The existing functionality has been moved to `<func>ByFile` functions (legacy functions based on file querying):
```

  - Application:

>     * Exisiting `getApp(approval.py, clear.py)` has been changed to `getAppByFile(approval.py, clear.py)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Pervious `getApp(approval.py, clear.py)` has been changed to `getAppByFile(approval.py, clear.py)`.
```

Reviewer: let's update below as well

Author: `Previous` :)

  - Application:
    * Pervious `getApp(approval.py, clear.py)` has been changed to `getAppByFile(approval.py, clear.py)`.
    * New `getApp(appName)` function queries app info using the app name.

  - Smart signatures:
    * Exisiting `getDelegatedLsig(lsig.py)`, `getContractLsig(lsig.py)` **have been removed**. Use `getLsig` funtion to query logic signature from name or filename in a checkpoint.
    * New `getApp(appName)` function queries app info using the app name.
    * Existing `fundLsig(lsig.py, ..)` function has been changed to `fundLsigByFile(lsig.py, ..)`. Now `fundLsig(lsigName, ..)` will take lsig name.
    * Existing `mkDelegatedLsig(fileName, signer, ..)`, `mkContractLsig(fileName, ..)` have been updated to take the lsigName as a required paramter:
      - `mkDelegatedLsig(lsigName, fileName, signer)`
      - `mkContractLsig(lsigName, fileName)`.
      Here `fileName` represent the name of smart contract file (eg. `treasury-lsig.teal`), and `lsigName` represents the "name" you want to assign to this lsig (eg. `treasuryLsig`).

>   For reference you can check out `examples/asa`.

Reviewer: let's update the change log that the order of function arguments changed (list functions, and mention in bold that now "name" is a first argument and it's required).

Author: ok
